chore(docs): Remove npm references, add Docker install instructions (#3557)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs/dev_docs/cli/sandbox-reference.md

This will attempt to run the Sandbox on ` localhost:8080`. You can change the port defined in `./.aztec/docker-compose.yml`. Running the command again will overwrite any changes made to the `docker-compose.yml`.

> If you don't have the CLI installed via a node package manager, this command will also install or update the CLI. If you have previously installed the CLI via a node package manager, you will need to uninstall it and remove it from your project dependencies and install it via Docker.

Reviewer: it will still install if you have aztec-cli installed via npm 
```suggestion
This command also installs or updates the CLI. If you have previously installed the CLI via a node package manager, you will need to uninstall it and remove it from your project dependencies and install it via Docker.
```
